# 422-proj2
422 F20 - Graham Whealan, Shoshanah Bernhardt, Wil Sprouse
Add stuff here!? Like
As taken from the Project Grading section of our course website:

README.md: The README file of your repository should be brief but should give me everything I need to determine what your project is, who its authors (you) are, and a basic outline of what the build process and the resulting product are. It may contain links to additional material.
Requirements and design documentation: A person who considers fixing or extending your system needs to understand what it was intended to do (requirements), including not only what has been implemented in the current release but also plans for future development. They need to understand how the software is organized, sufficient to know what code they might need to read to add or fix a feature, and what code they can ignore, and they need to be able to understand how a new feature or change would fit into your system and be consistent with it (architectural design).
Build and deployment process: It should be as easy and understandable as possible to check out your repository, build your product, and deploy it. The build process should be as automated as practical. Manual steps should be clearly documented, starting with a README that may refer to further documentation as needed. Your repository should be organized in a way that supports the build and deployment process. For example, target-specific and platform-specific choices should be factored out, not mixed in with core code of your application. Your system should not have unnecessary dependecies, and to the extent possible the repository should include only sources for the system under development. Intermediate products (e.g., compiled code) and external dependencies (e.g., libraries) should be avoided as far as possible.
Tests: A developer should be able to easily test that they have created a working version of the application and that whatever changes they have made have not broken it. Tests should be automated to the extent practical, and should be documented. Manual tests require more extensive documentation than automated tests.
Organization: Your repository should be organized to support the needs described above, e.g., it should be easy to find code that needs to be changed, and the organization should support your build and deployment processes.
